[This video provides Korean subtitles]
[All competitions]
[Episode 5]
Mana is by my side
no matter what the purpose is
When you're done taking care of your business, leave quickly.
What if you still want to stay with me?
You're welcome
I won't let you get hurt.
I was joking
take it easy
suananga
king
Sua
I won't even look at you
He is like a lotus flower
Because I want to marry into a rich family.
you
I'm not someone you can ignore
wake up from dream
i just need to know
But what should I do?
Who does Su Ah like?
Because the other person doesn't like it
every day
find a man
I have no choice but to go to town
Stop talking nonsense
Is it bullshit or not?
you know best
Tung Fu Inn
This Confucius
This is what I said to my brother.
he is
Arriving in front of this Confucius Mansion
I'll go find it
This Confucius didn't even look at me.
I pretended to be arrogant and did all this alone.
I do all sorts of things behind the scenes.
Meanwhile, Yan Manya escapes.
Are you saying you can't get married?
Beside Yanmana
surrounded by men
but you...
This is indeed a big deal
We all come from the same family.
Even ten thousand
you look beautiful and smart
Why is our show...
ugly?
ugly
etc.
Okay, I'll wait.
He must be very angry
I fell
Auntie, please hold my hand.
go away don't worry
move
Let's start the first month
The moon is very bright tonight
The wind is very cold
The aura of the moon
in the sky
it comes with the wind
it's a beautiful night
countless stars
light up the river
beautiful moon
it lights up the sky
Clean as a mirror
The weather is as cold as ice
countless people
I'm looking at the moon
rare
for this opportunity
I'll try to be polite.
thank god
Let us bow to the moon
let us kneel down
wake up
Please bow your head
rural activities
It's interesting
Thanks
I say thank you
come help me
That's it, right?
rice
Eat so much
Aren't you going to do your job well?
put more
Is it difficult?
sacrificial fruit
share with them
Go to grandma's place
Go get the fruit for ancestor worship.
ruler
take this mat away
good harvest
What if I touch the altar?
Mother
Mom, that's...
The tone has not returned yet
You can't eat too little food
If I bring food to your room
Do you want to stay?
please give me a pomegranate
thanks Mom.
sochir
Mother
Could it be that this man was possessed by a ghost and starved to death?
Is the moon really round today?
Mother
thanks Mom.
I have to say hello to grandma
thank you grandma
thanks Mom.
I have to say hello to grandma
Maybe I like gluttons
Mother
your grandmother might
You may still be angry about what happened last time.
If you are angry, you can be angry.
Just oranges
Serve with some pomegranates
Are you paying attention?
That's the kind of person your grandmother was.
let's go back
Mom, please go back first.
Aunt
How is this going?
Yanman baby
When answering
with many men
I dance
Yeonman-ah is a bad girl.
he
make fun of me
when i have the chance
I need to take a look
You know, Auntie.
come over
is this real?
Sweet?
if you swallow the seeds
Bean sprouts will grow in your stomach
spit out seeds
Spit it out
grandmother
Mother
what are you doing here?
Sua
grandmother
Mom, what are you doing now?
Grandma, what are you looking for?
Mother
Mom, why are you like this?
grandmother
Why are you doing this?
Mom, what are you doing?
Grandma, why are you like this?
grandmother
Mother
What if you took my money?
This is the money you earned, give it to me.
I haven't even moved out yet.
Already hiding your emergency fund?
Are you rebellious?
Then let's break up.
money i earn
I can't give it to grandma.
bad
Do you want to expand your business?
OK
Kill me and your grandfather first.
you
How do you educate your children?
Mom, please calm down.
mana
What kind of habit is this?
Please forgive me
Mom, please calm down.
Myrna is still young.
- He doesn't know anything.
- Stay out of the way.
Mother
Honey
Mom, are you okay?
I am fine
Go to your mother first
sit here
please give me the money back
What are you doing?
What did you do to your aunt?
if you don't refund the money
Don't even think about leaving here.
leave this
- Let go of my hand
- Mana
let go of your hand
leave this
mana
our mothers and daughters
How are you doing now?
How do you educate your children?
- Myrna
- How are you doing now?
Why are you like this?
Why don't you listen?
Are you saying I won't listen?
Those people make me sad
I took the money I earned
Do you still say such things now?
This is no different from knife robbery.
What if I called your grandmother a robber?
Because we are a family
Give the family money to your grandmother
Naturally, leave it to me.
sochir
There is money in my room
Who told grandma?
my aunt
Located in Daqing
I told my grandma
Brother Mana
How is this going?
if something happens
I need to discuss this with my grandmother and grandfather.
stay away
If you take one step closer
I'm going to scream
I am Hua again
i thought this would be great
Are you afraid too?
this time
I can only say it's because I'm unlucky.
But in the future, Hua ah
If you did something behind the scenes again
I am here to tell you that I will not remain silent either.
Brother Mana
Now what does this mean?
I don't even know what you're talking about
My aunt does hate me, but
I'm not very smart
People who look at me every day and try to hurt me
in this house
I have only one sister
I didn't expect them to use such despicable means.
I seduced my aunt
You want me to tell my grandma...
my aunt is very slow
grandma likes money
Because my father is a good and filial son.
I thought you wouldn't take my side.
Sister Hua
You really use your brain very well.
However
That smart head
I rarely use it for things like this
Isn't this a waste?
Now, if you marry into the Song family,
My sister will definitely grow up.
Brother Mana
i must misunderstand
I told my aunt
I never mentioned the money bag.
that's my grandmother
Let your aunt do it
I let you see it
Sister Hua
i have already done
Have you ever said the word "money bag"?
Did you do this on purpose?
even when i come here
I'm not sure
now I understand
I'm sure that's what my sister said.
in front of me from now on
you don't have to act
Don't worry,
I won't hit you.
bad guy
Heaven will take care of it.
you are relaxed
Don't you ask me what's wrong?
If you want to talk, you will talk.
Your favorite grandma Yan
They took all the money we made
I wish I knew it would be like this
give you money
I didn't give them all...
Are you laughing now?
we had a hard time
This is the money I earn
grandmother
you took it all
But what's even more ridiculous is
My dad thinks it’s okay.
Does this make sense?
You
grew up in Yanjia.
this kind of thing
Aren't you used to it now?
I am...
I won't talk about unnecessary things.
Your grandmother thinks you are beautiful.
you
I say nice things next to grandma
that money
Can't I give it back to you?
I'm not even from the Yan family.
You regard money as life
to your grandmother
If I asked you for money, would you give it to me?
Well, really
Do you just want to see it?
Thought it was a good experience
I have lost my money now
better
Later when you make a lot of money
Better than being taken away
I learned a big lesson with very little money
That's never a bad thing
Yes or no?
that's right
I feel like I made some money
I am always thinking
when i look into the distance
There's only one way to live our lives
It's Benga.
Need to branch out
money we make
Complete land
become ours
easy to say, hard to do
Of course your grandfather and grandmother
if your parents knew
Everyone will object
However, I still have to live separately.
now I understand
My dad and mom are not stupid.
What keeps happening is
my heart is so soft
Because I'm full of loyalty
I sacrifice a lot for my family .
but some people
You don't consider us family
my parents don't know
Have you ever wondered how to grow your business?
Do you have any good ideas?
I?
i am a stranger
you are my family
I don't want to get involved in your household chores.
It's too late
Go in and sleep.
Hey
You are really smart
Think quickly.
simrak
Brother Simrak
think quickly
If you cut rice with your bare hands
In what time did you accomplish all this?
everyone is working
they are looking at us
you can't be lazy
never...
Tina?
You are a farmer in Xinjia Village.
People whose families have a lot of land
Don't you know how to cut rice?
I will teach you
grab rice
five fingers off the ground
Just cut the rice
Be careful not to hurt your hands
you have big hands
You can catch many things at once
look
Is it simple?
Mother
Be careful
You almost fell.
If you have a baby in your belly, be careful.
What?
I also have a child in my belly
Be careful.
The third
you stop working
superior
tie up the rice
Let's go quickly
But I still have a conscience
This is the first one
me a few days ago
what i talked about
Have you thought about it seriously?
former father's
I will do what I want.
Would your wife do the same thing?
certainly
After the rice harvest
I will tell my family
federal
Although the prisoner was a brilliant man;
Do you come back to work every year?
I `m coming out
Not working
They asked me to study at home
Not listening
They said they would come to work.
Father
I am
I can't even express my filial piety.
of course i should do this
He is a filial son
That's very good
My uncle doesn't have much work
What kind of trouble is this?
Although I'm late
Where is the time to talk?
Go quickly
get to work
Are you going to work?
Yes
What is a filial son?
Drag my son out
Just pretending to be working
You are bragging to the villagers.
soon
The first son who couldn't even do that job
I'm sure they're going to make a fuss because it hurts
What's wrong?
Uncle, why are you doing this?
I sprained my ankle
sit here
I will take a look
No
Dad, it's okay.
Rest in the shade
Shipping rice later
Because the car is coming
You ride it home
You don't have to come tomorrow
- No
- Come on.
Dad, I'm fine.
Go and take a rest quickly
elder brother
Do as your father says.
This is
Leave it to me and my brother.
go
That is...
sorry
Thank you to my two brothers
Be careful
Take care, uncle.
Another person limped home
Did you sprain your ankle too?
Father, why are you doing this?
OMG
shroud
Father
Father, look at this man.
Work as long as you have breath
I have to harvest all the rice in the next few days.
When the rice is ripe, the wind blows
when it fell to the ground
Are you and your wife going to pack it all in?
But if the elder brother stumbles
Why can't I rest?
that's right
How do you compare to your big brother?
your big brother
I am a learning genius
you know how to fool around
when you go back
like before
go to casino
It's obvious I'm going to lose my money
Why do you say that?
i can work
- Is your ankle sprained too?
- Mother
No
Already ruined
Father
What's wrong with you?
I think I need to go home and use the bathroom.
Mother
I go to the bathroom
Can I find you a seat?
don't block my way
move
That's what lazy people say.
In your family, people who are good at their jobs
work more.
I have sunflower seeds at home
Why is everything moldy?
You came
Father
walk slowly
Wow ah ah
Help your dad into the room
Dad, why are you like this?
i lost my foot
This year is a good harvest
What are you doing?
If you're not working, just go over there and sit.
Because you might accidentally cut it.
Hey
Sua
Because Mana didn't mean it.
do not be angry
also very hot
hurry
Go in and take a rest
Aunt
Don’t you peel sunflower seeds?
I have no appetite
Look at Yanmanya
It was obvious that he had done this on purpose before.
Mana's aunt
People tend to look at it in a funny way.
a few days ago
When mom took Yan Maner's money
Yan Manya grabbed my hair.
I just moved on
but he
Fight me in a hostile manner
Aunt
Auntie is broad-minded and understands, but
Even ten thousand
This is different.
The problem is that auntie is too gentle.
if you continue to do this
something young
I will fight back without fear
you're right
It's because I'm so nice
But that's what Mana did.
what should I do?
Aunt
Because my aunt is too soft.
we find another way
Even ten thousand
How about scolding him?
still
This is a Korean family.
Already gone too far
If you are an enemy of Mana,
My father won't leave me alone
Your aunt is right.
But it's still Korean...
I'll be behind you,
please be careful.
Friends, please take a look
I am
I prepared a small gift
please accept this
Please take a look
If it's still like before
If you do, I'll accept it.
Today I
I took care of a lot of kids.
Even if I said I would allow it
My kids wouldn’t agree.
our
don't break the rules
rule?
I am the rule
start
it's here
Go quickly
everyone stop
you...
you took it
Do you know who this item belongs to?
He is from the Song family.
that's what i want
If you have nothing to fear,
say your name.
Do you want to know my name?
Bandits stole the Song family's belongings?
that's right
one step ahead of us
I didn't expect anyone to move so fast
What are these people doing?
Did you discover anything?
To the intersection where I walked
I follow
They tied branches to the wagon
By erasing wheel marks
I can't keep up
but their
If you look at behavior
Not an ordinary person
if you listen to me
I think the Song family is the target.
Song family
Others took aim at it.
One of the best in the area
Because I come from a wealthy family
There must be a lot of people targeting them.
So are we
caught a big fish
like this
This time,
I was caught in the middle by someone else.
Still, you are aware of their presence.
The items carried by the Song family are
like a pine forest
It turns out to be salt
It was indeed a big fish.
What was our purpose last time?
President Julu
It is indeed related to the Song family.
Not long after, the Song family's belongings were stolen.
for the time being
I won't bring anything in there.
Master, don't worry.
Mr. Song family
I often come here to watch theater these days.
I'm here
let us know more
Why are you doing this?
What's wrong?
Where
I think I saw those robbers
Now is not the time to worry about this.
As before, if there is any new information
A piece of red cloth tied in front of the hotel door
when i see
i will come to see you
Government agency personnel
these days
Very quiet but
I won't leave you alone, sir.
Pay attention to your surroundings
Even when hiding in the Yan family
you need to be more careful
This is harvest season.
There is another person working in the Yan family.
you will like it
You do not have to worry about
they won't doubt me
Yes
The third
Today you
cut the rice
tie them together
tonight
I have to drag it.
elderly
You've never had a job before, right?
that's right
What seems easy at first glance
It's not easy when you try
My hands are all scarred
elderly
You notice it right away.
I didn't recognize you because of the wound.
people who farm
Even your hands can get hurt
This is how everyone learns things.
But the farmers
I tried farming
I know the importance of rice
I'm not as harsh on rice as you are.
fell to the floor
look at the rice fields
Come here and take a rest
You are from our Yan family.
I've been here for a while
Flooding occurred in Castle Peak.
Your aunt takes you home
man
The backbone of the family
at my house
you won't last long
What do you plan to do next?
Help old people and aunties
when the harvest is complete
I'm going to the city to find a job.
elderly
I think the harvest is good this year.
If you take the remaining rice to the village,
You can get beef and lamb, right?
you
That's so naive.
I am a fool
Please teach me, senior
farmers
small agricultural equipment
Of course straw sandals
land and
even beasts
pay taxes
There's nothing I wouldn't pay for
Nowadays, peasants are divided into five classes.
The more wealth you have
Have to pay a lot of taxes
But who dares to bring animals in?
everyone just
My life is roughly
But as far as I know
Wars often occur in border areas.
Temporarily in mediation
They say they charge a lot of taxes
in government office
Peasants were divided into five classes.
Don’t you want to make sure your taxes are paid fairly?
I don't need to know this
in my eyes
Farmers’ classification rights
All I can see is that the local governor is saying all this.
These few years
local governor and injured
hold hands
After expropriating farmers’ land
They even call it a revolution
Because local officials have great power
people
It's really hard to live
The third
third
You go home
Grab some bottles of water.
Father
Westerners are good at cutting rice.
certainly
I have to work in the fields
I will be back
Father
I'm a fast runner
, so I'll go for it.
No
Got a house
Because the distance is so far
Because if you leave, you're going to have a hard time
I will go
You have suffered a lot because of your husband's incompetence .
This time you take a break
I will go
you...
let go of your hand
I will go
You've been to the bathroom several times.
- I'm going to
- stop.
you go
OK
ruler
Where should I go?
Sua
It's not hot now
eat slowly
Why are you here?
Grandpa asked me to get some water.
grandmother
our lunch
It's a sumptuous feast.
There was even a land battle...
Dreams are also big
I made this for me and my brother
This is a land war
There's nothing for you to eat
Mana has been working for a few days.
It's really troublesome
Is he in any trouble?
A country girl goes to the rice fields
this is a familiar thing
your uncle
I sprained my ankle while cutting rice.
He said he wanted to eat meatloaf.
You're like a hungry ghost attached to your body
No need to worry about physical confrontation
I bake pancakes
take it to the grave
Don't talk on the field
look in the mirror
Do you think you are suitable for eating meatloaf?
What are you looking at?
nothing
just my aunt
Holding Yutian in hand
It looks very tasty
Can you please give me a bite?
I speak so fast
Mother
Look at him.
This girl...
girl...
grandmother
do not be angry
i will talk to you
mana
my father
You have never worked in the fields.
But you sprained your ankle.
I want to eat something delicious.
grandma told me
You can't send too much.
you take this
Eat it while it's hot
after eating everything
go to the fields
Don't talk after eating the pancakes
If you speak I will rip your mouth off
Don't worry,
I'll never tell you.
if i speak
He died of poisoning while drinking water.
When it rains, you will die if you are struck by lightning
When going out
There are four horses at the entrance of the village
Hit by a car
you will die
This land battle
Where did you get it?
I can't speak
explain
There is a grandpa
I went to get water
with grandma
Wow ah ah
And my aunt
I saw a pot full of beef stew.
I am
certainly
I thought you were going to give it to my family.
But my aunt
refused to give it to me.
OMG
Sister Hua
I tell other family members
I'm afraid we'll be talking about land warfare
He gave me one.
But I have to get over my neck.
tome
Just a land battle
Still, I'm going to give it to my grandfather.
that's right
Your grandfather was in the most trouble.
But grandpa
I really do not understand
family
let us overcome difficulties together
Isn’t it just about sharing happiness?
Have we branched out yet?
Who said we should divide the houses?
How could this happen?
Wouldn't this be fair?
second child
to your mother
Let's say we have beef stew for dinner tonight.
Wait a moment
Dad, go ahead and tell this.
If I leave, my mother
It's obvious they'll kick you out
Then I'll go
We're having beef stew for dinner tonight.
Yes
I can eat everything.
great
let's go
They say you can eat until you are full.
OMG
thanks mana
The day has come for beef stew
uncle
That's not it
Because my grandpa is there
You can eat stew.
that's right
Do not leave blank
Eat quickly
Incorporate into this meal
flour and pork
These are ingredients that my family can eat for 15 days.
i don't even know
house
I'm going crazy trying to waste it.
Who are you saying this to?
I do not work
Are you the only one working?
my family
what do i eat for every meal
Is it food falling from the sky?
I am at home
Are you still there?
Mom, don't be angry
us
my family...
is that so
It was you who sent the message to your family.
After sending jeon
You're the one who nags
I don't care day or night
for my family
I'm busy moving around
What will eventually be returned
All I have is your curse
all because of you
I took it to my grave
But can you tell me right away?
you
Do you have no conscience?
Who was the person who swore just now?
Even after eating the pancakes, you're still conveying the message.
Aren't you afraid that what you say will come true?
I didn't even eat pancakes
What is there to be afraid of?
i will pray to god
Come on, you'll either get struck by lightning or die.
Let me be hit by a carriage.
Can't you shut up?
Are you human?
my aunt loves her nephew
Where is the curse?
How can I be like you?
Did she give birth to a poisonous child?
It's all your mother's fault
Father
It's all because of Yanman.
look
Are you talking back now?
No
Why do you hit your child?
Do you know how to stay still?
I...
I won't stand still
Mother
go in
walk into room
【Guest Cup】
let's go
go
an old man
He is the son of the Zhang family.
people are nice
Why are government officials here?
I know
Wait a moment
let's go
Why are you like this today?
over there
where are you from?
[Arrested]
I am from 13li Village.
I often go to Shisanli Village.
Is this the first time I've met you?
My hometown is Xinga Village, Qingshan County.
Floods occurred at the beginning of the year
Go south
I live at my aunt's house.
Are there any signs on the way south?
No
Because a natural disaster occurred
Government officials also fled.
Can there be a signboard?
interest
Live in Yongjia's house
This is real
I'm catching a robber in a government office.
this is a picture
Not only do they look alike;
government agencies
I don't have a certificate
If you put the wrong person
Of course you
So are we
You will not be able to escape responsibility.
Yuhang
come over
Reply on the same day
with you
I saw them talking together.
It looks like we are friendly.
you tell me
interest
Are you the nephew of the Yan family?
[Mission 1000 Golden Lady]
[Income 0]
[22 Niang and 56 were all confiscated by Grandma Zhizhi]